♪ And the home of the brave ♪
♪♪
SCOTT-HERON:
The first revolution
is when you change your mind
about how you look at things
and see there might be another
way to look at it
that you have not been shown.
PROTESTERS: NYPD!
SCAHILL: The brutality
against protesters,
the para-militarization
of law enforcement.
CARRIE: That's why
we have to keep trying.
P.E.: We don't need a police
state in this country
to fight terrorism.
We need a new strategy.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised.
GREENWALD:...the system
of indefinite detention...
SCAHILL: FBI and the CIA
targeting Muslim communities...
DEMARCO: Security. Got an
agitated non-compliant patient.
-Get away from me!
-What's his name again?
-Peter Quinn.
SCOTT-HERON: You will not be
able to stay home, brother.
You will not be able to
plug in, turn on, and cop out.
-It's a very alarming charge.
-The Russians
hacked our committees.
WOMAN: The continuation
of endless war.
QUINN: Can't you get that
through your fucking skull?
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
put you in the driver's seat.
SCAHILL:
The U.S. continues to engage
in a covert war
with very, very high stakes.
SAUL: I made promises
and didn't keep them.
PRIEST: This world began
right after 9/11.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised,
not be televised.
There will be no rerun,
brothers and sisters.
The revolution will be live.
CHAFFETZ: Which agency?
McCULLOUGH: I can't say that
here in an open hearing, sir.
QUINN: You saved me.
CARRIE: Yes.
QUINN: Why?
MAN ON RADIO:
It's these same criminals
that cozied up
to the Chinese communists
and armed
the most radical jihadis
and turned our borders
into Swiss cheese
and committed every sin
you can think of,
like spreading hepatitis C
and protecting the big banks
and starting all these
illegal black-ops wars
that have killed
millions of people!
These same criminal elements
have now doubled-down
on Zika virus,
hawking this dirty blood
like they did with AIDS,
this tainted blood,
so they can turn around and
sell you a cure for 50 grand!
I mean, it's a crime!
A crime!
They're all there.
And then the White House...
(footsteps approaching)
Hey,
it's not nice to snoop.
-But who's down there?
-I told you. Peter Quinn.
He's been in the hospital, and
now he's with us for a while.
When do I meet him?
You know what?
You already have when you were
a baby, at Aunt Maggie's.
He bounced you on his knee,
and you know what you did?
You got a smile on your face
this big.
(chuckles)
(doorbell rings)
Ah, they're here.
You ready?
-My backpack.
-Okay.
Thanks for jumping in.
I'm so sorry.
-Don't worry about it.
-Big surprise last night.
It's no trouble, really. We like
having Franny along, don't we?
-Yeah.
-There's a man in our basement.
(chuckling) Yeah, I heard.
Mwah!
Be good.
I'll take them all next week,
I promise.
(man on radio
speaking indistinctly)
(knock on door)
(doorknob rattles)
Quinn?
Quinn, are you there?
(muffled talking on radio)
(muffled talking on radio
continues)
Quinn?
(doorknob rattles)
We need to get back
to being independent.
Quinn, you obviously hear me.
What's going on?
...because I refuse to accept
the mainstream hive mind.
Look, you can do what you want.
Do nothing, whatever.
But I-I've got your Primidone,
and you need to take it, okay?
Not all the others.
We'll sort that out later,
but this one --
And all these foreign nations
just bleeding us dry!
I am sick of it!
But if you say that,
if you stand up and say
what's really going on...
Fine. Good.
I'm the enemy.
But you still
have to take these,
or you will
start to convulse.
Do you understand?
...call the truth fake.
But we know
what's really going on.
(volume increases)
Honestly, I feel just
so blessed to have this duty.
Look, you didn't want
to come here.
It wasn't my first choice,
either.
But the alternative
was the lock ward.
That's where they were gonna
put you. You remember that?
...stooges, they--
they'll say,
"This is all just conspiracy
and gossip."
But that's why we're throwing
up these links, these videos,
streaming worldwide, 24/7,
because if you feel it,
this calling to be
an independent American,
the time to rise up is now.
Now!
(radio continues in distance)
(knock on door)
Max, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
I called rehab.
They were totally useless.
Like, "Now you know what
we've been putting up with."
And I've got
this totally crazy day.
There's this kid
who got arrested.
-Carrie.
-Yeah.
-It'll be fine.
-He needs to take his meds
for seizures.
Wow. Uh, I see why he thinks
he's being over-medicated.
These I'm not even dealing with.
It's just the Primidone.
It's downstairs by his bed.
I left it there.
After he threw
the glass at you.
It was a coffee mug.
He say why he did that?
-No.
-You ask?
I'm telling myself
it's the drugs talking.
I got to go.
I-I owe you.
(door opens)
(door closes)
♪♪
What did she say?
That you're being
kind of an asshole.
Also there's some pills
you need to take for seizures.
I need food.
Okay.
In cans.
(door closes)
(indistinct conversations
in distance)
(door buzzer)
Salaam alaikum.
Alaikum salaam.
When do I go home?
We'll get to that,
but first,
we need to
talk about something
I thought we went over
last time.
Everything we say in here
is privileged.
No one
can use it against you,
but you got to
be honest with us.
I am.
That means no surprises.
CARRIE:
They found the money.
The $5,000.
It was in your bedroom
under your mattress.
Yeah,
so it wouldn't get stolen.
Well, the FBI is saying
it's material support
for a foreign
terrorist organization.
It's what?
You're taking $5,000 in cash
to the Islamic State in Nigeria.
That's what
they're claiming.
Okay, wait.
I am going to Nigeria
with my mother
and my sister.
We've been trying to get over
there for the last 14 years.
Ever since my father
got deported.
That money was a loan
to help pay for that.
From whom?
Sekou?
(sighs)
If I tell you who
gave me the money...
We talk to him,
that's all.
His name is Saad Mahsud.
He's a friend.
The guy that I made
the videos with.
And he'll confirm
what you're saying?
That it was just a loan
for travel.
Sekou?
Is what I say here
really privileged?
Absolutely.
A hundred percent?
Because I don't want to
mess him up.
♪♪
He wanted me to
meet some guy
before I went to Africa --
Saad did.
I told him no.
I said I-I would not do it.
And he still gave me the money
anyway -- a loan.
And that is
the God's-honest truth.
♪♪
(sighs)
This is kind of everything
in the canned department.
I could warm up the soup
if you want.
And you need to take
two of these
every eight hours.
(pill bottle lid clicks)
Something down here
doesn't smell very good.
I think it might be you.
I think
it might be you.
Why not take a shower?
Just get dirty again.
(sighs)
So, what happened?
Someone
was trying to break in.
Yeah.
Carrie was.
Only she can't
really break in
'cause it's her house.
(clatters)
You know that, right?
That you're in
Carrie's house?
(radio turns on)
That you said you wanted to
live here, she said okay?
So why are you giving her
such a hard time?
MAN ON RADIO:...with the
globalists dragging us back
taking us further and further
away from the American dream,
which they are killing!
(door opens)
Back to some--
something tribal, medieval.
(door closes)
Saad Mahsud's disappeared.
The number that Sekou gave us
has been disconnected,
but we have to find him,
because the money he gave
your son looks very bad.
I don't know him.
Simone?
Uh, no, Mum.
I never even heard of him.
You sure he exists?
He exists.
He gave your son $5,000.
Sekou
don't have $5,000.
He does, ma'am.
Sekou don't have
five dollars.
Is that
what they're saying?
That's what
Sekou's saying.
That can't be right.
I need to talk to him.
When do I talk to him?
We're working on that.
You need to
bring him home.
Aby,
you have to understand,
the charges he's facing
are very serious.
How can that be?
He didn't do anything.
He doesn't have to.
They're charging him
with attempt.
Attempt to provide
material support
to a foreign
terrorist organization.
The penalties are the same
as if he actually did it.
The boy just wanted
to see his father.
We're all going. Do they think
we're terrorists, too, huh?
No, but you haven't been online
praising suicide bombers.
Neither has my Sekou.
SIMONE: Yes, Mum.
He has.
This Saad,
if you can find him,
would it help
my brother?
Honestly, it depends on
what he has to say.
Simone,
do you know where he is?
No.
But I do know him.
She was seeing him
on the side.
All very secret.
Okay,
I am sending it...
now.
Got it.
I'm sorry
to rope you into this.
She made me promise,
total discretion.
You know, she's underage.
Right.
I-I'll keep her out of it.
His name's Saad Mahsud.
Supposedly lived in Pittsburgh
before here.
Well, it's a good photo.
If he's in the NTC database,
they'll find a match.
(click)
Done.
♪♪
So how's it going
over there?
It just got started.
No. (chuckles)
I-I mean the patient.
Oh, uh,
on the positive side,
he hasn't broken
any more windows.
♪♪
-Max.
-Yeah?
-Uh, I'll check in later.
-Sure.
So...
this is it?
This is it.
Looks just like
a real law office.
It is a real law office.
Someplace we can talk?
Uh, sure.
I was thinking of
how long it had been
since I heard your voice.
-Please.
-Let me finish.
I was thinking of
how long it had been
since I heard your voice,
and then I heard it.
At least I thought I did
when I briefed
the president-elect
on her covert action
programs.
You heard my voice?
Lot of pushback.
Well, you must've known
she's no fan of the CIA.
This was different.
This was schooled.
"Who's advising her?"
That's where my head went.
And then I remembered
she's a friend of Otto Duering
and you're a friend
of Otto Duering.
You think I'm advising the next
president of the United States?
I think her entire
national security platform
came right out of
that head of yours.
She asked me specifically about
drone strikes
that don't require a signoff
by the president.
(laughs)
So has The New York Times.
I'm not advising them,
either.
Really?
No, really, I--
(chuckling)
I'm not advising
the president-elect.
(chuckles)
This is all I do now,
right here.
Really?
Really.
That new paradigm we talked
about, this is it.
You -- You worry about
the fate of the world.
I got more important things
to do.
Okay, good, good.
Glad to hear it.
'Cause it'd be a huge
embarrassment to everyone
if it got out you were a secret
advisor to the president.
That would not
play well at all.
♪♪
You know why I left, Saul?
It's the bullshit.
You coming all the way
out here
to say what you said
just now.
(sighs)
Why don't you leave?
♪♪
(soft piano music plays)
(indistinct conversations)
(chuckles)
ROGER:
Always good to see you.
Nice to see you, too.
Well, well, well.
I'm sorry to be late.
No, I get it.
You got
all your friends here.
You want to
make an entrance.
Fine.
I'm impressed.
That's not why I wanted
to meet you here.
No?
Mnh-mnh.
When the towers came down,
I was here
in this very restaurant,
this very seat.
I was.
Roger the maître d',
and those two --
my little friends,
you called them.
We pulled people choking off
the street through those doors.
It was a bonding experience,
a never-forget experience,
only I'm afraid the
president-elect has forgotten.
She hasn't.
She's a novice.
I don't agree.
A mother with a son
killed in action.
That's her C.V.
That might get you votes,
but God forbid
it makes you think you know
what you're doing.
(scoffs)
She's not even president yet.
Why not give her a chance?
Presidents don't get chances.
They get tested.
Oh, what is that
supposed to mean?
We have intel
from our partners
that the Iranians are cheating
on the nuclear deal.
Which partners?
The Saudis?
Israelis.
Oh, uh, well,
that's a reliable source.
Seriously,
Iran has opened up their doors.
The place is crawling
with inspectors.
They can't build
an electric toothbrush
without us knowing about it,
so you want to explain how
they're cheating on the deal?
It's a parallel program
outside the country.
There's an Iranian bag man,
Farhad Nafisi,
who served as transfer agent for
nuclear payments in the past.
He just got back
from North Korea
along with a pack of
nuclear scientists
and materials engineers.
That it?
No.
Mr. Nafisi will be in Abu Dhabi
in three days at a conference.
The Israelis
are gonna pick him up.
Pick him up?
Ask him about
his travels.
Tell me this, Dar.
Off the record, just you and me.
Does that sound like a solid
intelligence-gathering effort
to you, or does that sound like
a way to provoke a crisis
with Iran we inherit
on inauguration day?
No one is trying to saddle you
with anything, Rob.
In fact, the president
shares your concern.
He'll defer to
the president-elect on this one.
So, you tell me.
How should
the Agency proceed?
♪♪
(cellphone vibrating)
-Max, everything okay?
-Yeah.
-How's he doing?
-Quinn?
Oh, he's fine, I guess,
but that's not why I'm calling.
It's about that photo
you sent me.
Saad Mahsud?
Yeah,
only that's not his name.
Well, it wasn't in Pittsburgh,
anyway.
I'm sending you now.
So, they got a quick hit
off the Pennsylvania DMV.
Tyrone Banks Jr.
Then I looked around
and I found this on Facebook.
Check out the guy
in the white T-shirt.
Well,
who are these people?
Steel City Gang.
His crew.
All of them now in federal
prison on drug charges.
Everyone except for
the confidential informant
who put them all away.
Confidential informant?
You mean Saad?
Has to be. Right?
Hey, Reda.
Come here.
REDA: What is it?
Hey, Max.
I'm putting you on speaker.
Who are they?
Tell him
what you just told me.
MAX: This guy you're
looking for, Saad Mahsud,
he's working for the FBI.
(door opens, closes)
Hold on a second.
Uh, Carrie, I got to go.
Uh, okay, sure.
Thank you.
This guy makes
inflammatory videos with Sekou,
he helps him build a website
to put them on,
then he gives him $5,000.
That's -- That's
the material support case,
and he's an informant.
We need to talk to him,
to Saad.
I'll let the judge know
we want a hearing right away.
(sighs)
♪♪
(horns honking)
(bells ring)
(Latin music plays)
♪♪
(bells ring)
That'll be 12 bucks.
Speak to
my business manager.
Hey, Max.
Twelve bucks.
(Quinn sighs)
"Wuh."
"Wuh." "Wuh."
Waps.
(huffs)
W-Whips.
Hey, where's the, uh --
what is that?
Wipes?
-Wha--
-Where are the baby wipes?
Right there
in front of him.
Huggies. White wrapper.
Right there.
Right there,
right in front of you.
The Huggies,
white wrapper. Man.
Man!
Hey!
-Call 911. Call them!
Quinn. Quinn, Quinn, Quinn.
You're gonna be okay.
Help is coming.
Help is coming. Shh. Shh.
REDA: Your Honor, the
complaint makes no mention of
a confidential human source.
-The complaint has been amended,
Your Honor.
-This is bad faith.
And it's bad faith for them
to now restrict
access to that informant
when the entire
material support charge
hinges on my client's
discussions with him.
Was that money for airline
tickets, like my client says,
or was it bound
for jihadis in Nigeria,
as the informant
seems to claim?
This court deserves to know.
What are you asking for,
exactly?
Our right to confront a hostile
witness at trial, Your Honor.
Your Honor,
Mr. Mahsud has been
the key resource
in several federal prosecutions.
Lives have been saved.
His ability to continue
that important work
depends on his identity
remaining a closely held secret.
-I need to talk to you.
-What secret?
We found him on Facebook.
You weren't gonna tell us,
were you?
That this big threat
to national security
was just another Muslim kid
you entrapped.
Entrapped?
Are you kidding?
How do you think
we found this shithead?
Randomly?
In a phone book?
We found him online, rallying
every asshole in town to jihad.
-It's called free speech.
-Not when you add in the money.
Which you gave him
for airline tickets.
Airline tickets?
Is that what he told you?
How does that work when the
tickets were bought and paid for
two months before my guy came
around with the 5,000 bucks?
(sighs)
Why don't we put Saad
on the stand and find out?
Or here's a thought. Why don't
we put your guy on the stand?
Let a jury decide how certain
they are he's not gonna
pick up an AR-15 and shoot them
all in their sleep.
Look, if you want to believe
the kid's a saint, go ahead.
You go anywhere near
Saad Mahsud,
I will have you arrested.
(doors open)
It was nice
talking to you.
(sighs)
Don't tell me.
Yep. National security
right down the line.
The informant
is off-limits.
-So how do we talk to him?
-We don't.
We'll be given
written summaries
of statements he made
to his handlers.
His handlers?
(scoffs) We already know
what those will say.
Hey, we try anything else,
and we're in contempt of court.
(sighs)
One good thing
did come out of it, though.
What?
The prosecutor
got her hand slapped
for not mentioning the informant
in the original complaint.
She responded
with a settlement offer.
Seven years.
You call that good?
I call it a start.
Come on. We got to bring up
the offer with Sekou.
PARAMEDIC:
Sir, do you know where you are?
QUINN:
On the floor.
I understand you'd rather not
go to the hospital.
You want to tell me why?
Because I'm fine.
You just had
a grand mal seizure.
You're not fine.
How are your eyes?
Ow.
How about your ears?
Any ringing?
I'd feel a lot better
if you'd let us take you in.
Doc can run an EEG.
Sir?
Max will take care of me.
Max?
I understand
he's your business manager.
No.
He's my babysitter.
(bells jingle)
Okay.
I don't like it,
but if you want,
I can release you AMA--
Against Medical Advice.
You'll have to sign here.
(police radio chatter)
(scribbling)
(pen clacks)
(bells jingle)
You okay?
I'm a fucking mutant.
No, I'm not okay.
Don't tell Carrie.
All right.
So...
(sighs)
So, he was working
for the FBI?
That's right.
The whole time?
And I'm sitting here not wanting
his ass to get in trouble.
You got to tell the judge.
The money
was for those tickets.
-That's not what Saad is saying.
-Well, Saad is lying,
like he has
since the very beginning.
You got to get him on the stand,
put him under oath.
Like I told you,
the judge won't allow it.
Well, then
I got to get up there.
I would advise
against it.
They will question you for days
about everything you ever said,
everything
you ever posted online.
I mean everything.
Well, if I can't say anything
and he's lying,
how am I supposed to
get out of here?
No, tell me,
how am I supposed to get out?
The government has offered
a plea bargain.
But I'm not guilty.
All that matters is if they can
convince a jury you are.
(scoffs)
How long?
Seven years.
Years?!
That's just their opening.
We will
bargain them down.
Fuck that!
Sekou, listen.
It's your call in the end,
but it's also
my job
to counsel you properly.
I have been down
this road before many times.
Insist on a trial, and you'll
spend twice as long in jail.
CARRIE:
This is a bad situation.
None of us think
this is fair or just.
Oh, really?
(slams table)
Good to hear!
Look, you need
to think about this.
Take some time. We'll talk
about it some more tomorrow.
(buzzer)
No! Not tomorrow! Today! Now!
What you looking at?
Excuse us.
We're not done here.
Well, he needs to sit down.
-Fuck you!
-Okay, that's it.
-Hey, what are you doing?
-Hey!
-Ending this meeting.
-On whose authority?
You don't even have the right
to be in here.
-Yeah? Well, file a complaint.
-I will file a complaint!
Now you're abusing
my client!
-Let's go!
-Oww!
Stop! Let him go!
Let me go!
Fuck you! Fuck all of you!
♪♪
(buzzer)
I wish
you hadn't said that.
Said what?
How unfair everything is,
like it's a mistake
we can fix.
Wait, you're saying
I caused that back there?
Everything changed
with the ruling today.
A positive outcome is now
a deal less than 15 years.
Want to help him?
Guide him towards that.
You know how I could
actually help?
I could question Saad directly,
'cause that kind of thing,
getting answers from people
who'd rather not say,
that's something I'm good at.
-He's off-limits.
(cellphone vibrates)
You understand that, right?
-Carrie?
-Damn it. I got to go.
We have a court order.
Tell me you heard me.
Yeah, I heard you.
I'm sorry. Something's come up.
(sighs)
♪♪
ROB: Come in.
(chuckling) Hey.
-Carrie!
-Madam President-elect.
(laughs)
Sorry about the emergency,
but we're pretty sure
this qualifies.
Uh, can we get you
anything?
Uh, just some water.
Thanks.
It's about to get real now.
Not just campaign talk.
You ready?
(sighs)
What happened?
-Rob.
(sighs) Well,
I got summoned to lunch today
by Dar Adal.
That's funny.
What?
I got a surprise visit
from Saul Berenson.
So now I really wonder
what they're up to.
Dar told me Iran is cheating
on the nuclear deal.
-Based on what?
-Israeli intel.
They claim
they have evidence
of a parallel program
with North Korea.
They've identified
an Iranian financier,
Farhad Nafice--
-Nafisi.
He's in Abu Dhabi next week.
They're planning to pick him up.
-"They" being Mossad.
-Mm-hmm.
So, what's the U.S. role?
Is it a joint operation
with the CIA?
According to Dar...
it's up to us.
He called in about an hour ago
to follow up.
Rob managed to stall,
but he is pushing
for a response.
(sighs)
Obviously,
Dar would like nothing better
than to get the nod from you.
We're talking
exactly the kind of operation
you want to eliminate.
Unleash the Agency,
even in a supporting role,
and you've abandoned your policy
before you've even begun.
So you're saying
steer clear?
(sighs)
Unfortunately,
that's not an option.
Mossad can't be trusted to be
even remotely objective on this,
and the accusation
is too serious to ignore.
Well,
what do you suggest?
You recommend somebody
absolutely trustworthy
to represent U.S. interests
on the ground there.
Like you, for example?
No. No.
(chuckles)
God, no. Uh...
No, I was thinking...
Saul Berenson.
But you said
he visited you today.
Yeah.
To see
if I was advising you.
And he was
none too polite about it.
He said what an embarrassment
it would be if anyone found out.
Well,
I don't get it, then.
You're saying
he's the enemy?
Not on this.
Not on Iran.
The nuclear arrangement
started with Saul.
He wants it to work.
You can trust him.
Ah.
(groans softly)
Nephew
still own the place?
Absolutely.
You still tell
that bullshit story?
About dragging people in here
off the street
when the towers came down?
Only when I have to.
Less and less.
What was so urgent
I had to fight my way
across town to get here?
You're going to Abu Dhabi.
The Mossad operation.
There's been a request
you represent us
on the ground there.
(chuckles)
From whom?
Not the president.
Ah. The president-elect.
Which brings us
right back to
what we were discussing
the other day.
Who on Earth
is advising her?
I know
what you're thinking.
-You do?
-Of course I do.
I was thinking the same thing.
-Mm-hmm.
In fact, I went to see her
today, see Carrie.
-And?
-Asked her point blank,
"Are you advising
the president-elect?"
She said no.
-And you believe her?
Yeah. I do.
(chuckles lightly)
She laughed in my face.
She's a menace.
Carrie is.
Maybe.
Just not at the moment
to us.
How do you get a drink
in this place?
♪♪
(footsteps approach)
Hey, baby!
What --
I thought
I'd never find you again.
Your phone was cut off.
I didn't know what to do.
Mm.
Well, you know
I had to lay low
after your brother
was arrested.
Come on,
doesn't do much good
for both of us to be
put in jail, right?
Don't you want to know
how he is?
Yeah, baby.
Just how is he?
Don't touch me.
-Baby, what's wrong?
-I said stay away!
We know who you are.
Who's she?
My name is
Carrie Mathison.
She's trying
to help Sekou.
Yeah, we all are.
That's why I'm here.
Stop lying!
I know why you're here,
and I know about
the gang in Pittsburgh.
-What gang?
-The one you got arrested with.
I know everything --
why you met Sekou,
pretended you were Muslim,
pretended you were
his friend and mine.
Pretended? So that's what
she's been telling you?
You're not the bad guy here.
We know that, too.
You were pressured by the FBI,
by Agent Conlin.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Did he say that
no one would ever know?
'Cause if he did,
he lied to you,
and if he lied to you,
you're on the wrong side.
I'm not on his side.
Sekou's facing
15 years in prison here.
You're on a side.
You gave him $5,000,
which you're saying was
for a man in Africa, a jihadi.
And if that's what the money
was for and Sekou took it,
tell Simone and tell me,
and we'll listen.
Yeah, fuck this.
But if that is not
what the money is for,
it's time to say that now.
Look, Pittsburgh was different.
Those were drug dealers.
Those were murderers.
They got what they deserved.
But not Sekou.
Right. I told you.
I told you.
-He's just a kid.
He's a harmless kid
accused of terrible things
that he didn't do,
alone in a cell.
You don't know
what that's like.
No, no. You don't know
You don't know anything.
Was it in Pittsburgh
when you met Conlin?
Just keeps going. I already told
you I don't know who this is--
Did he threaten you
with something you did?
-What did I just say?
-How many years?
(laughs, whimpers)
♪♪
(sniffles)
Five.
Look, look,
I fucked up in Pittsburgh.
I got busted with that gang,
and Conlin came into my cell.
And he sat there and told me
he could take it all away,
all of it
if I just helped him.
With the drug case?
The drug case.
No, he doesn't care
about that.
He said
drugs are bush-league.
He found out
that I'm half Pakistani
and he said he had important
work for me in New York.
Fucking Conlin,
he doesn't care about anything.
All he keeps saying is
"Just get him to take the money,
get him to take the money."
So it wasn't to give
to a man in Africa?
You can fix this.
You can tell the truth.
The truth?
I already told the truth --
to Conlin.
And I called him
and told him.
I said,
"Sekou is not a terrorist."
He's not.
The kid has got nothing,
and he still does not
want the money.
But damn Sekou just had to
keep shooting that mouth off.
How could you?!
How could you do this to him?!
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Really?! Huh?!
(chuckles)
You fucked up
by coming here.
Fuck you, man.
(switch clicks)
♪♪
I got your drawing.
It's so good.
And I'm sorry
I missed you tonight.
But I'll see you
tomorrow.
Cross my heart.
♪♪
(switch clicks)
Hey.
Thought
that might be you.
(sighs)
How's he doing?
Sleeping.
Look,
he had a seizure today --
at the bodega
a couple of blocks from here.
-Why didn't you call me?
-Because the paramedics came,
and there was nothing
you could do about it.
And honestly,
he didn't want you to know.
He still doesn't.
So try not to
make a big deal out of it.
It is a big deal.
Not really.
Not if you think about
everything he's been through.
He's not happy, Carrie.
I know.
No, I mean...
he's really not.
And -- and he's got
this strange thing about you,
which is not helping.
♪♪
(sighs)
You gonna be okay here?
Yeah.
Sure.
(scoffs)
I don't know.
(sighs)
I'm trying.
Call me
if you need anything.
Anytime.
♪♪
(door opens)
(door closes)
Carrie.
Hey.
How was your day?
Well, it started with someone
throwing a coffee mug at me.
Went downhill from there.
How was yours?
(gulps)
(sighs deeply)
What happened to me?
(sighs)
Apparently,
you had a seizure.
No, before that.
Uh, you got into an altercation
at the hospital yesterday,
and we agreed
it might be a good idea
for you to come live here
for a little while.
No. Before that.
Before...
before this.
Y-You don't know?
Not exactly.
You came...
very close to dying.
Very...close.
You must know that.
There's a video of it.
It was...
It was
all over the Internet.
(chuckles)
You've never seen it?
No, I-I didn't want to.
Of course.
But I do now.
(sighs)
It was in Berlin.
In a barracks in Dahlem.
They poisoned you --
a cell did--
and left you for dead.
(breathes deeply)
Just play it.
(sighs)
♪♪
(exhales shakily)
You've really
never seen this?
(grunts)
(crashing)
I must've watched it
a hundred times
when I was trying
to find you.
Over, over,
and over again.
(grunting)
Looking for some clue.
♪♪
There.
It was those tiles.
Those are what --
what led me to you.
You flatlined in the ambulance
on the way to the hospital.
Completely.
For three whole (inhales)
minutes, you were dead.
It was so close.
You nearly didn't make it.
But you saved me.
Yes.
Why?
"Why?"
♪♪
(breathing shakily)
(cries)
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
(footsteps ascending stairs)
♪♪
(door closes)
(breathing heavily)
(sniffles)
♪♪